I'm joined right now by xmithie after he
has qualified into the LCS finals well
you're no stranger to the LCS finals
you've been there before but what does
it mean for you to make it now um well
it was a big thing for us in some if TSM
wins tomorrow we also go to Worlds or
automatically go to world so it's and
then it doesn't really matter maybe
because we're gonna probably win yeah
are you the biggest TSM fans ever right
now um
yeah they're they're my second second
favorite team right now who's your
favorite what immortals can you make
yourself your favorite yeah okay all
right fair enough
Hey also since the last time we spoke
you have now become a what is it na LCS
all-star lineup guy I don't know the
title but yeah did you were you enthused
about that a little bit and was there
any kind of nice feeling for you
whenever you beat CLG I'm not trying to
beat you I mean like this is a
legitimate question you got traded from
CLG to immortals
then you block CLG for making it to the
finals and make it to the finals
yourself that's got to feel pretty good
um I have the same satisfaction as
beating any other team tracks it really
is just completely apathetic to CLG your
former team what do you feel bad like I
said like the boys and then yeah like
hopefully they can win against whoever
they get third fourth place yeah do you
think she has someone win tomorrow
hopefully the Dignitas is playing really
well too yeah I know it's really weird
so like it can go either way to be
honest yeah now you had the full expensi
force here in the audience not only is
your family here when they always seem
to come but also you had Benny in the
audience rooting for you and he was here
alongside pobelter sister and Poe
Belcher's dad you had a lot of family
support here this weekend was that nice
Benny's like a half trader cuz like he
also roots for CLG because he said in
the interview I did with them root I'm
rooting for immortals because
wherever Jake is that's where I go
really yes he said in the interview you
could go okay I'm gonna publish it I
know I was trying to get him into this
interview but he's he's run off I
thought it'd be kind of funny if he's
this thing throwback but anyway so you
it meant nothing to you having him in
the audience because he's also a traitor
actually I should forgot and then until
that game theory game theory I was like
oh been easier forgot and then it's it's
it's it's cool to have like friends here
to support you yeah now we've talked
about this before for a while until
lemon came back you were the oldest
player in the LCS and yet you're still
owning it up in fact some people might
say that this is like the best season
that you've had or split first off do
you think that that's fair do you think
that this is the best split you've had
[Music]
you made it under the ALCS all-star well
I guess you can say so but um just like
it really really like this split was
like I felt like I didn't really do like
the extra mile to like even like be
really really good but it just somehow
like went into our meta and then
everyone in my team was just like really
really playing really well and they know
so it was easy for me to like Shaw
caller like just whatever the plan is so
useful you think you still got it
even in your your older years it is just
a number you should know that's true
that's true I've still got it
no I mean I'm saying ages numbered like
you're old I'm old but yeah and you and
it's just a number and that's why I'm
still good that's the comparison you're
making cuz you're saying good at what
you're saying eh just my job
okay so yeah alright whatever so you are
now going off to Boston and you said
earlier in the interview you're pretty
confident you're gonna win um yeah I
think my team is really really good
Larry now like pretty much every every
person in my team now if I made that the
headline the thread on reddit would just
be filled with TSM fancy yeah whoo this
guy think he is surprised that people
hate me some people hate you yeah I'm
surprised I feel like you're pretty
low-key
I know I'm pretty little kids people
don't hate me who hates you
everyone everyone in the community every
one of the community hates you
I feel like you're mistaking yourself
for other junglers who are you talking
to you nothing nothing what did you
think of all my gun
um he's gonna get a lot of hate from CLG
fans I feel like after after the people
will blame him for this and be like we
wish we had expen thingy
um well I feel like Omar it's pretty
much like like he does his job but he
doesn't really go Excel from like after
that cuz like he's just a rookie and
then he's still learning a lot of like
just learning the ropes of jungling and
then yeah I don't I think it just needs
a lot of more experience and then he can
be really really good now very good
chance that you guys are going to Worlds
given that if TSM once tomorrow you're
good or if you went to Boston you're
good and then even then you'd be cute a
pretty well for gauntlet so I do I do
want to ask you how excited are you
looking forward to going to Korea for
several weeks and then being in China
for several weeks and boot camp being
super hard had all the super fun things
that go along with success as a pro
player and na LCS well first of all I
actually hate traveling all the pro
players do that's why I asked this
question when I go to Boston I can I
just like play remotely here ask right
about that um I asked Noah and then he
said he's he's gonna say it to everyone
so but yeah my goal like literally like
at the beginning of IMT I already told
them that my goal is just to get to
Worlds and do really well at it like I
didn't really care about my standings
were this split like these not as long
as I get to Worlds but yeah whatever
route we may choose like oh we were just
gonna try our best now some of the old
guard starting to drop like flies
especially even said recently that he's
thinking about not playing next year
again you've just had a great year but
is there any chance and any part of your
mind right now where you're like I
should make this year really good just
in case I don't come back next year um I
think there's only one scenario that I
don't want to play is when
if I win worlds like I think that's only
where hopes win worlds
when I win worlds that's when I'll
retire well when you're in the finals
against SKT I'm sure there's gonna be a
lot of Xfinity fans rooting against you
because they're like we don't want this
guy to retire um I mean some people who
get tired of meeting some people are fed
up in the early days oh yeah like who
who are these people people I think most
people are either fans or you know they
just don't care there's like you sucks
meanie like why are you old never murder
III said oh I posted on like a Twitter
whatever someone told me that I suck go
suck a and then and then yeah I like
people like that there's like so many of
them yeah well probably a lot less now
so anything that you want to say to any
of the Immortals fans or like Smith you
fans so for all the other people that
don't really hate me or you I really
appreciate you guys and yeah thank you
for supporting us all the way and
hopefully we'll do really well at Boston
this might be the most enthusiastic
interview I've ever done with you
normally you're like I don't I why am I
here do with this interview well you're
here cuz you won and as long as you keep
wedding I'll keep interviewing you ex
with these so just think you can get
Eugene you can get Cody you can get all
I asked for Eugene ru and they gave me
you
so really it's immortal so you have to
blame okay okay you've checked the rest
of our coverage of all things
LCS here on my youtube channel
youtube.com slash travis cafard oh
really yeah I changed it you YouTube
helped me change it from State League -
Travis cafard was never say League
Travis it was just state league oh
really
a lot of people don't remember what
state league is I do what Jake huh a lot
of people asked me whenever I said that
other thing about doublelift charge me
five thousand dollars for an interview
if that was real no it was an obvious
joke he charters me ten thousand dollars
an interview please please help me out
Travis AFRICOM slash support